Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to install Cam UI portable and
CAUI manager.
Okay, let's
Okay, first thing first, go here to
Google. Search for Camp UI.
Go to the first link UI UI portable
Windows.
Okay to download this computer version
first you go here this is those version
for standard Nvidia GPU and this for AMD
GPU artiller download Nvidia GPU I want
to use this one portable with PyTora
the 12.8 eight with and Python
3.12.
Okay, click start now.
>> Okay, fine. The downloading is finished.
Let's close the open the folder.
Okay, close uh minimize this window and
make the GPI right here. Okay, before we
extract this file, we have to download
the Python. Search for Python.
Click download this here from here.
Click here.
Double click to open it. Okay. And stop
now.
Close.
Now return for
I have to start gick here.
Start from follow Windows.
I get for Windows 64 setup. Start
download
and close this one. This is the
requirements for the conf.
After that, open it.
Okay. Next, next. Next.
and take this one. Hit finish. Now let's
select this confi
and go to wer
extract to or extract file.
Okay, extract.
Okay, we are done of extracting the
confi
portable. Okay, let's run it.
Uh okay fine
this is the compi it's installed
successfully
now let's install the manager okay
before we install the manager we have
deploy the company from this
one new tab and search for compi manager
okay go to the first link
go down
Okay, there is this part file. Click
here to this part file.
There is this code. How to add this
code? Go here to the compi pro temple
order and create new text file.
And this text file banner.
and go here,
select all of those
and go here to my file and paste it
right here. After pasting this, we have
to go here
uh this English save us and uh okay or
registration in English save us. Okay,
we have this type text file
or file this
file
add point file
and hit save.
Okay, this file. Now this is my uh file.
I click here
and now the installation of the PAI
manager is begin.
Okay, fine. The installation of the
confi manager is done. Now let's run the
caf.
Okay, it works fine. This is my UI uh
manager. Thank you guys for watching
this all 47 tutorial.